DOC: Refresh pylibcudf guide (#15856)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/developer_guide/pylibcudf.md

- Every variable used should be strongly typed and either be a primitive type (int, float, etc) or a cdef class. Any enums in C++ should be mirrored using `cpdef enum`, which will create both a C-style enum in Cython and a PEP 435-style Python enum that will automatically be used in Python.
- All typing in code should be written using Cython syntax, not PEP 484 Python typing syntax. Not only does this ensure compatibility with Cython < 3, but even with Cython 3 PEP 484 support remains incomplete as of this writing.
- All cudf code should interact only with pylibcudf, never with libcudf directly. This is not currently the case, but is the direction that the library is moving towards.

> - Ideally, pylibcudf should depend on nothing other than rmm. This will allow it to be extracted into a a largely standalone library and used in environments where the larger dependency tree of cudf may be cumbersome.

Reviewer: "will allow", this has been done, no?

Reviewer 2: Indeed, thanks.

> - Ideally, pylibcudf should depend on nothing other than rmm. This will allow it to be extracted into a a largely standalone library and used in environments where the larger dependency tree of cudf may be cumbersome.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ideally, pylibcudf should depend on no RAPIDS component other than rmm, and should in general have minimal runtime dependencies.
```

[Cython supports specializing the contents of fused-type functions based on the argument types](https://cython.readthedocs.io/en/latest/src/userguide/fusedtypes.html#type-checking-specializations), so any type-specific logic may be encoded using the appropriate conditionals.
See the pylibcudf source for examples of how to implement such functions.

In the event that an libcudf overload takes in a different amount of arguments compared to another overload, you should specify the maximum amount of arguments in the Cython definition,
with the arguments not shared between overloads set to None. If a user tries to pass in an unsupported argument for a specific overload type, you should raise NotImplementedError/ValueError.

> Finally, consider making an libcudf issue if you think this inconsistency can be addressed on the libcudf side.

Author: I think the libcudf folks have amenable to renaming stuff so far.
(we got the column overload of ``replace`` renamed to ``replace_multiple``)
